hey let me ask you something are you
currently spreading your Google Ads
budget showing the same add to all your
different targeting segments despite
their differences in performance
hey guys Sylvia Perez from ad conversion
and in today's video I'm going to show
you how you can increase your conversion
rates and reduce your cost per
conversion without having to increase
your budget what I want to teach you in
this video is the concept called
layering now if you're thinking to
yourself layer what don't worry I want
to go ahead explain it to you right now
very simply all layering is it's
combining your different top-performing
targeting segments and really refining
your campaign targeting here's another
example for that let's say mobile
devices are your top performing device
they convert 30% more often than desktop
and tablet and they generate the lowest
cost per conversion and then let's say
at the same time women are your top
performing gender and women between the
ages of 25 and 64 specifically are your
top performing age ranges so with
layering what you're gonna do is you're
gonna combine women ages 25 to 64 and
mobile devices and you're going to all
put it together where your campaign is
showing very highly relevant ads to that
specific targeting segment and then all
that other essentially wasted spend
you're cutting out of your campaign and
that's how you're going to be able to
really dramatically reduce your cost per
conversion and increase your conversion
rate with the same spent I want to show
you a live example of an account that
I'm managing right now it's actually an
immigration attorney I'm gonna hop in my
computer and show you a very dramatic
example of where in this account they
had a specific targeting segment that
was outperforming all others on a
dramatic scale so let me go and show you
that right now here's an example of an
immigration attorney that I'm currently
managing their Google Ads account for
them and I really want to show you an
extreme example of how important it is
to not show your ads to everyone and
treat all people visiting your ad or
interacting with your ad the same way
and this is a really really extreme
example of that and how I use the
process of layering to really refine the
targeting and improve the
conversion rate and reduce the cost per
conversion for this account without
having to increase budget so right now
I'm here in the device column on the
Google Ads interface and you'll see here
I have mobile phones computers and
tablets so if you go ahead and see here
mobile phones for this campaign a
hundred and seven conversions came from
mobile phones for this immigration
attorney and we spent fourteen thousand
dollars and that came out to be a
hundred and thirty-two dollar and sixty
eight cent cost per conversion and then
you'll see here four computers we spent
three thousand two hundred and fifty
dollars and twenty cents and we got zero
conversions and then you'll see here
lastly four tablets we spent two hundred
and seventy nine dollars and we got one
conversion at a $279 and ninety three
cent cost per conversion so what I
noticed when I took over this account
was this huge discrepancy in performance
by device type mobile devices in this
account accounts for 99% of all
conversions generated so that's huge I
wanted to show you guys this example of
if I were to keep treating all the
device is the same for this account I
will be wasting money and you can see
here between computers and tablets I
spent thirty five hundred dollars give
or take to generate one conversion so
that's a thirty five hundred dollar cost
per conversion that's terrible
so using the concept of layering I
understand you know what instead of
showing everyone the same ad despite
whatever device they're using I went
ahead and I broke this one campaign by
device type so you can see here I have
minus 100 percent for computers and
minus 100 percent per tablets that
excludes those devices from this
campaign so this campaign is now only
showing ads to our top performing device
which is mobile phones and that is one
way you can utilize the concept of
layering in this case that's having one
single layer so I'm just breaking out
one core targeting option that's
performing the best so in this case is
mobile phones so I'm breaking up the
campaign three ways by mobile devices
but there's also a lot of other ways you
can layer in different targeting
segments to make layering even more
powerful so you can really refine and
hone in on your targeting now you could
layer your tar
individually as in the example I just
showed by breaking the campaign's out by
device type and really allocating the
majority of my spend towards mobile and
that's one way you can go about layering
but layering is really a lot more
powerful when you combine multiple
targeting segments together to really
refine and maximize your efficiency with
your campaigns so now moving forward I
want to show you three different
targeting segments and options that I
have found tremendous benefit from them
when it comes to layering where there's
usually a lot of hidden opportunity and
I also almost like to call them like the
the needle in the haystack if you will
within all your targeting these three
options that I'm going to show you can
jog your memory and really get you
thinking in terms of where to look for
these needles in the haystack of
potential opportunities where you're
getting really great performance that
you might be overlooking and not
allocating most of the spend of your
budget towards and your spend towards
something I want to kind of say as well
just as a quick side note is rome wasn't
made in the day so just by having one
layering option let's say just breaking
your campaigns out by device type that's
already gonna put you ahead of a lot of
your competition who are not doing any
of that so start small if you just want
to start with one of these layering
options do that and then as your
campaigns run and they collect data
assuming you have accurate conversion
tracking then from there you can really
start to see all right across all these
different segments that Silvio mentioned
in that video
where is it that I have these hidden
gems or these hidden needles in the
haystack if you will where I can extract
them from my campaigns and combine them
together and really refine in my
targeting so I can reduce wasted spend
so without further ado let's get into
the first way you can layer your
campaign targeting the first way you can
layer your Google Ads campaign targeting
is demographics so if you're not
familiar if you hop into your Google Ads
account under the demographics tab you
have the option to target people based
on age gender and income and each one of
those options you have the ability to
extract from your campaigns and exclude
the rest so maybe if you go ahead and
hop into your Google Ads
right now if you want pause this video
and just take a quick look try to take a
look and see hey are there are certain
age ranges that are performing better
than others another one is are there
certain genders that are performing
better than others maybe men convert
better for your industry or your
campaign versus women or vice versa
or perhaps certain income groups convert
better for you income is one that I've
personally found a lot of success with
in terms of those those targeting
options that it's easy to overlook
sometimes you'll find that people within
the top 20% of income are actually
converting the best and are responsible
for 60% of your conversions for example
so that's a huge opportunity there but
go ahead and look over your demographics
information and see are there any ages
genders or incomes that I can extract or
exclude to better refine my campaign
target the second way you can layer
Google Ads campaign targeting is
audiences and if you're not familiar in
Google Ads you have the option to add
observational audiences to your Google
ads campaign targeting or actually
target specific audiences to your
campaigns if you go into the audience
tab you can see that there's a lot of
different options of audiences that you
can target or observe one of them are in
market audiences these are people that
are actively looking for your products
or services and then the second one is
affinity audiences these are audiences
of people that have certain likes or
interest in certain topics another one
as well as detailed demographics so kind
of going back to the demographics we
talked about earlier in the audiences
tab you can get even more specific in
terms of demographic information such as
people who are married versus single and
people who are parents versus not
parents you can get even more specific
in terms of your targeting and the
potential of how specific and refined
your targeting is with the power of
audiences my opinion audiences are
probably the one of the biggest gems of
Google ads targeting that a lot of
people are not taking advantage of and
by the way a really great pro tip for
you in order to find out which audiences
in terms of in-market audiences or
affinity audiences
demographic information in terms of age
gender devices are working better for
you you can use google analytics if you
have your Google Analytics linked to
your Google Ads account and you've set
up your goals properly in Google
Analytics and your conversion tracking
is accurate you can go into your Google
Analytics audience information and see
which are your top performing in market
audiences your top performing affinity
audiences your top performing ages and
genders so then you already have the
hard work done for you and all you got
to do is extract that information from
your Google Analytics reports in your
audience tab and then put that targeting
into your Google ads campaign and test
it out the third and final way you can
layer your Google Ads campaign targeting
that I found the most success with which
is kind of something I mentioned earlier
and that's devices devices are
especially powerful that I found with
smaller accounts local businesses just
by refining your campaigns by device
type I found a lot of success with that
because usually businesses on a local
level they don't have as much scale and
volume in terms of their search
campaigns just just by breaking up their
campaign by device type I've found a lot
of success with that in terms of
layering their campaign targeting now
when it comes to layering your campaign
targeting for device types all you got
to do is just go into your devices tab
in Google Ads and just check and see
which are your top performing devices
are certain devices bringing in the
majority of your conversions versus
others are certain devices bringing in
conversions for a lot less than others
if there's a huge discrepancy there and
it warrants it go ahead and try esting
separating your campaign out by device
type to really reduce that cost per
conversion and increase your conversion
rates again all within your existing
budget and not having to increase spent
that is it for this video if you got
some value from this video go ahead and
make sure to like the video and
subscribe to the channel if you're
interested in google advertising content
and you want to be notified of when I
release new videos go ahead and make
sure to subscribe to the channel down
below and click on that Bell
notification that way you're updated and
also if you know someone that you feel
can really benefit from the information
that I shared in this video feel free to
share this video I mean that'll help
tremendously for me to get my message
out there and I'll be truly grateful for
that and if in the case you want to get
more connected with me I highly
recommend you click on the description
box down below and you hop on to my
mailing list so you can be first to be
notified of any exclusive tips that I
find that work for me and my clients or
just to be notified of any future
content and uploads that I release
you'll be the first to know thanks so
much for watching I'll see you next time